iTech Media Task
===============================

### Implementation

This test has been developed using no framework but attempts to follow the MVC approach. Autoload generated by composer enabled all the classes that have been created to be loaded and used by means of namespaces. 

The codebase adhered to using interfaces and abstract classes from within the Common directory. 

Within the RecipeModel.php file, the getter and setter magic methods have been put in place for not only creating the properties of that class, but to provide validation on what is being set when it comes to displaying the correct data.

For the front end there is an AJAX call grabbing the number of servings and calculating the number in which will multiply the number of ingredients which is set from within it's endpoint.  

A generic API service had been built to display the raw payload response which was returned in the ContentRecipeService class specific to recipes, allowing the API Service to be used for other purposes.  

Unit tests have been carried out within the codebase using both reflection and mocking approaches.

### How to test

1. Go to the following address in a web browser `http://localhost/0124a772-2ed7-4485-9fd3-16eb0545bdff/src/Script/`.
2. You will be presented with a number field in which you are able to enter the amount of servings you would like.
3. After entering the desired number of servings, click Calculate and the ingredient quantity section on the right side of the page will update accordingly.  
4. Unit tests have been implemented using PHP Unit, to execute please cd to the root directory and run the following command `./vendor/bin/phpunit tests`.

*If no classes seem to load please try and run `composer dump-autoload`.  